Create docs for updating identifiers/names of a properties (#129)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/software-catalog/relation/tutorial.md

The request body will include the existing body of the Blueprint, alongside the updated `relations` object, after the desired updates to the existing Relation have been applied.

> #### Update Relations Identifiers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Update relations identifiers
```

> To rename the relation's identifiers, you can make an HTTP PATCH request to the URL: `https://api.getport.io/v1/{blueprint_identifier}/relations/{relation_identifier}/rename` with this following JSON:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To rename the Relation's identifiers, you can make an HTTP PATCH request to the URL: `https://api.getport.io/v1/{blueprint_identifier}/relations/{relation_identifier}/rename` with this following JSON:
```

> In order to rename the relation's identifiers, you can make a HTTP PATCH request to the URL: `https://api.getport.io/v1/{blueprint_identifier}/relations/{relation_identifier}/rename` with this following JSON:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To rename the relation's identifiers, you can make an HTTP PATCH request to the URL: `https://api.getport.io/v1/{blueprint_identifier}/relations/{relation_identifier}/rename` with this following JSON:
```

```jsonShowLineNumbers
{
  newRelationIdentifier: "updatedRelationIdentifier"
}
```

> ## Delete Relations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Delete relations
```
